doc: add openssl generated certificate (#100)
Azure/notation-azure-kv: docs/ca-signed-workflow.md

   az keyvault certificate create -n $certName --vault-name $keyVault -p @leafCert.json

   # get the CSR
   csr=$(az keyvault certificate pending show --vault-name $keyVault --name $certName --query 'csr' -o tsv)
   csrPath=${certName}.csr
   printf -- "-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE REQUEST-----\n%s\n-----END CERTIFICATE REQUEST-----\n" $csr > ${csrPath}
   ```
5. Please take `${certName}.csr` file to a trusted CA to sign and issue your certificate, or you can use `openssl` tool to sign it locally for testing. Here is an example by using `openssl`:
   Create a private key and certificate for a root CA with `openssl`:
   ```sh
   openssl req -x509 -sha256 -nodes -newkey rsa:2048 -keyout ca.key -out ca.crt -days 365 -subj "/CN=Test CA" -addext "keyUsage=critical,keyCertSign"
   ```

>    Create a config file for `openssl` to sign the leaf certificate:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Create a configuration file for `openssl`. It will be used to sign the leaf certificate:
```

Author: Updated.

   docker tag hello-world:latest $server/hello-world:v1
   docker push $server/hello-world:v1
   ```
9. Sign the image with an external certificate bundle (`$certBundlePath`) including the intermediate certificates and a root certificate in PEM format. You may fetch the certificate bundle from your CA official site.

>    > **Note** If you generated the certificate with `openssl` the certificate bundle is the root certificate `ca.crt`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > **Note** If you have generated the certificate with `openssl` according to the above steps, the certificate bundle is the root certificate `ca.crt`.
```

Author: Updated.
